Although people went to the government hospitals, people have not recieve good response from the doctors, and hospitasl have not available best doctors over the period of 3 decades.

After goverment pass a law, all people in the country are not allowed to smoking in pulic spaces.

as long as people use technology in all time, they totaly forgot about their regular works.


In my state has plethora of cotton farms as much as in other states.
Even if government proposed a new relu on monday in the last month, citizens are not intended to follow those rules. Even if I went to the my college in Narasaraopoet, teh college was closed on that day.

writing task 1 sentences:

1.There was a fall in literacy level
   There was an increase in marriages in Australia in 2012.

   There was a rise in selling books in India over the given cursory of the year.

   There has been significant rise in the percentage of people who prefered to travel by bus over the period of three decades.
   There was pulmmet in the proportion of people who liked to do any job in their leisure time.

  The figure exhibit volatility from 1990 to 2009.
  The price of books rose slightly from 1908 to 2009.
  The price of books fell dramatically in the year 1998.
  The proportion of people pulmmeted minimally in 2006.
  By july, the percentage of people surge halved
  The highest percentage of people prefered public transport rather than private transport.
   The least popular mode of transportation was bus than other transport vehicals.
  The number of A and B are 43% and 6% respectively.
  The percentage of Australia and India have 35% and 56% in the year 2004 respectively.
  The proportion of duplex and semi detached houses have 58% and 78% correspondingly (in the given order).
  The given line graph outlines a downward trend over the given time.
  The given bar graph outlines an upward trend over the course of the year.
  looking at the given bar graph\table\pie chart, it is clear that the most populat type of transportation was car than any other transportation.
  According to the graph, in Japan, there was a plateau from 2009 to 2012.
  As given line graph showed that there was a fluctuation from january to march.
  The percentage of student ,who between 18-24 age group and reasons are homesick and far from home for getting admission in Oxford university in london.
 











  
 